Ms. Yun, why are you experimenting?
If you don't want a divorce, just say it
No no no I want to leave
The sooner the better.
So you run that divorce settlement errand to my house
I'll go back and sign when I'm done
Okay, I'll just trust you again.
I'll send you the address right away. Okay.
Brother Xiaobao, I'm back from a business trip to bring you a gift.
I'll pass by your company later.
You come down
I'm at the Xicheng construction site.
Can't go back for now
Xicheng construction site
It's the place where the hype is going to enter the elementary school
Yeah, what's the matter, bro?
Is there something inside?
Didn't my company cooperate with Dahong recently?
I heard he dumped all the land near West Side
He's in real estate.
A keen sense of smell
So key primary schools may be fake news.
Very likely
Thank you, brother. I'll contact you when I'm done.
I'm sorry, Mr. Gu
It's okay, it's not an example.
Yes
Speak up
Key primary schools should be fake news
I don't have any evidence.
It is also inconvenient for me to reveal my sources to you
I can only say that my personal judgment is false news.